Your pass output looks 95% similar to
the original document. Sounds great,
right? Except that missing 5% was
liability clause in a legal contract.
MTF from Lama index content faithfulness
is arguably the most critical dimension
in pass bench. The first document
benchmark for AI agent. If an agent's
context is incomplete or fabricated,
every downstream decision is
compromised. Our metric for this is the
content faithfulness score. Traditional
metrics like blue use text similarity.
They are great at catching typo and
small difference, but they are terrible
at catching the failures that actually
matter for agents. Entire drops
sentences hallucinated content that was
never in the source document and
scramble reading order that put a
footnote before the edings it reference.
A text similarity score can look great
even when critical content is missing
because the rest of the document match
perfectly
and it only weekly penalize hallucinated
content instead of actually detecting
it. CFS use a rulebased evaluation
system we derive over 147,000 individual
test rules for human verified markdown
transcription. This is a table st for
agentic workflow. When the passer drop a
sentence or invent a new one, the agent
is operating on a false reality. On pass
bbench, our top systems know which reach
around 90% faithfulness, a huge step
forward. But even at that level, small
error can still matter which is why we
are focused on closing the remaining
gap. Read the full pass bench paper link
in the description.